do the following tasks:
------------------------------------
go through array topic, string topic in w3schools, and solve the w3exercises, related to that. 
-------------------------------
The following code should replace lol in the message with laugh out loud and print the new message.

  public class Test1 {

    public static void main(String[] args){
    
        String message = "That was great - lol.";

    }
    
  }


output: That was great - laugh out loud

-----------------------------------------------
2. The following code starts with String firstNameCaps = ALEX; and should print Alex. Use the toLowerCase and substring methods to do accomplish this task.

public class Test1 {

      public static void main(String[] args) {
   
          String firstNameCaps  = "ALEX";
   
          System.out.println(firstNameCaps);
   
      }
   
  }
  
--------------------------------
3. Finish the code below to print your favorite movie and book.

public class Test1 {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
    
        String movie = "";
        
        String book = "";
        
        System.out.println();
        
    }
    
}

----------------------------
4.Finish the code below to print your favorite animal and food.

public class Test1 {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
    
        String animal =
        
        String food =
        
        System.out.println();

    }
}

HINT: Use + to add strings together. Add spaces as needed and periods.

hint 2: solve the same problem with concat method as well

-----------------------------
5. Write the code to print “Julian’s favorite color is green. His favorite food is pizza.”.
public class Test1{
    public static void main(String[] args)
    {
        String name = "Julian";
   
        String color = "green";
   
        String food = "pizza";
   
        System.out.println();
   
    }
   
}

hint: Add the strings together using +. Don’t forget to include spaces and periods at the end of the sentences.
---------------------------------

TASKS:
---------


NAMING RULES FOR VARIABLES TASK:

1.String word ="java"; 

String Word = " comp";

2. String word@  = “java string”;

3.String word12 = “java string”;

4.String 12word = “java string”;

5. String int = “java”;

6. String *java = “java”;

7. String symbol$ = “100 dollars”;

8.String word ="java";

String word = " comp";

9. String word_ =”java”;

10.String word-   =”java is here”;

11. String capital; = “delhi”;

-----------------------------------

 OPERATOR TASKS: PREDICT THE OUTPUTS OF EACH PRINT STATEMENT

int a = 9;

a++;

System.out.println (a);

a–-;
 
System.out.println (a);

++a;

System.out.println (a);

System.out.println (a++);

System.out.println (a--);

System.out.println (--a);

System.out.println (++a);

----------------------------------------------------------

IF STATEMENT TASK

if it's saturday or sunday, i have to print it's weekend ;)

 if it's other days, i have to print, it's weekday :(
 
--------------------------------------------------------------
IF STATEMENT TASK2:

you have 100 rupee, and your favourite icecream is 50 rupee. Write a logic to find whether you’ll be able to buy a icecream or not.
If yes, print , “yummy”, 

if no, print, “let me buy next time”

-----------------------------------------------
NESTED IF PROBLEM:

Try affording an iphone of 50.

If not, try afford a redmi of 25.

If not, try buying normal nokia set of 10.

If not, return home.

------------------------------------
Switch problems:

try switch case for printing the values for grade.. suppose if grade is A, print someting like, good or above 90%, something like that.. try to have 4-5 cases and default block as well 

-----------------------------------
